miss miss miss miss do well what's
up guys damon here for another clash of
clans video and today it's going to be
several raids on my mac start to count
as you can see right now so as you can
see my defence log i usually put my
tailhole outside the base so that i can
get only minus 1 cup but sometimes i do
put my town hall inside and sometimes i
win and sometimes I lose so now i'm
going to show you my attack log and
basically i usually to start the base
sometimes i even three-star the base and
but that's pretty rare so now i'm going
to show you several rides that i find
pretty sick up at three thousand and six
hundred plus trophies so the first one
is going to be a right on that on a Mac
starbase pretty much there's only a few
level 10 walls that need to be maxed out
but it's a pretty max a base so first I
pin my for golems from my army camps
then I put the golem from the clan
castle then a a bunch of wizards then
one pika and then one which so it's
pretty fun to see that in a to see them
in action especially the level 40 heroes
and they are as you can see wrecking the
base so i put a free spell in the core
and the center of the dice and it
freezes the two heroes 1x bow and one
Inferno tower so that was a great
placement of that free spell there and
basically I've already destroyed the
town hall we are all ready yet
forty-four percent of our old an image
and my I'm just going to use the archer
Queen ability right now and we have
already got the two stars so that was a
pretty sick right especially on the
maxed out account but let's see how far
we can go so there's only a few troops
remaining there's several golem still
alive which is pretty sick
my archer queen is finishing the base so
it's no way going to be a three-star
because there's only a few troops
available right now but I hope that my
archer queen is going to get the loot
the thing I hate is when she should at a
wall especially level 11 wolves and it
takes forever and then at the end she
change she changes the target which is a
pain so we are at seventy-three percent
of overall damage we have taken 400 k of
gold and 390 k of elixir and I still
have two archers remaining so I put one
on the Elector pump right there so we
can get at 400 k da lxr stolen which
isn't bad plus the bonus league in
Champions League so that was almost a 1
million loot right if we include the
bonus loot so it's going to be at the
second trade right now and basically
it's it looks pretty much the same as
the base before I put exactly the two
jump spell in the same position the to
the four golems plus my clan castle
golem as you can see this guy has one
pecker and ten archers in his clan
castle which is pretty weird and it was
pretty easy to destroy it then i put my
free spell on one inferno set up on
single targets and I think honestly it
was um too early to put that free spell
and you will see later the consequences
of that free spell so now I have uses I
have used my barbarian King ability and
it's I have used it too early as well as
because as you can see the inferno tower
destroyed him in a matter of seconds
which was a pain so we still had the two
stars but now let's try to get the
three-star because we still have three
huge golems on the left side of the base
my archer queen is slowly dying by those
archer tower and that cannon but
we are at sixty-two percent of our old
damage we still have some with alive and
golems are thanking the Wizards that are
behind them which is a great thing so we
are at seventy-two percent level damage
we still have only two defenses left
there's four smoke skeletons from the
enemy base trying to destroy my golem
but that will help at all because golem
have a huge health and now as you can
see there are no more defenses left we
still have 40 seconds remaining but we
only have two wizards 45 watchers and I
don't think we're going to make it but
that was so close if I have used my
barbarian King ability better and if I
had make made a better placement of that
free spell and maybe later on we could
have got the 3 stars so it was a
ninety-three percent right with 500 k
gold so it wasn't bad at all but we
could have a three star dead base
anyways guys hope you enjoyed that video
I i have a new iPad so I'm pretty sure
the quality of the video is much better
than the previous videos I made and also
guys I have made a French youtube
channel of clash of clans where I will
upload also gameplays in french because
a lot of French people requested that
don't worry i will still upload on that
channel as well hope you enjoyed this
video guys take care clash on and i will
see you later